# Siamese Net

ML PROJECT DESCRIPTION:
TITLE: One-shot Image Verification using deep learning In the one-shot learning setting, we must correctly make predictions given only a single training example of each new class. One extremely successful approach entails using Deep Siamese Networks [1]. The challenge is as follows: 1: Implement the Deep Siamese Network architecture using any of the open-source deep learning platforms in Python (Preferably, PyTorch, Tensorflow or Keras) 2: Perform image verification using just one reference image. You may use the Olivetti faces dataset [2] 3: Tabulate the error performance (Bonus points) Think of interesting ways to augment the training data that might result in lowering of the mis-classification error and/or add robustness to the solution proposed..
References: [1] https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~rsalakhu/papers/oneshot1.pdf [2] http://scikit-learn.org/stable/datasets/olivetti_faces.html
Notes: 1: You are perfectly entitled to use other approaches of one-shot learning as long as you have sound justification(s) 2: You are perfectly entitled to reuse any openly available code/dataset as long as it is clearly cited. 3: Which error metrics to choose? What plots to show? How many folds of cross-validation? You choose. You will be asked to defend your choices during the presentation. The goal of this project is to gauge these qualities: 1: Ability to quickly prototype a top tier publication 2: Ability to think of out-of-the-box and seek free lunches (Dataset augmentation tasks) 3: Ability to write clean and well commented publication quality code. 4: Error-metric visualization tactics and the ability to communicate the results clearly and legibly.
